When the Vestals invaded New Vestroia and captured
all the Bakugan, they didn't count on Drago and
I returning to free our friends.
Time to get... serious!
So we joined the Bakugan Battle Brawlers
Resistance!
Together we have a chance to defeat the Vexos, take
back New Vestroia and save the Bakugan once and for all!
[battle squawk]
Let's go, Drago!
Bakugan... Brawl!
[effort]
[\u266a]
Victory is mine, Drago.
I can taste it.
Six Attributes Fusion Ability... ...Activate!
Ability Card Set.
Ultimate Striker! Go!
Six Attributes Fusion Ability Activate!
Ability Card Set.
Ultimate Gardiner!
You've matched Maxus Helios' power...
but are you willing to use it?
Stop jawing and get brawling!
[building battle roar]
[impact]
The Bakugan Battle Brawlers in \"Reunion\".
Auto Self-Destruct System activated.
Please evacuate immediately.
We're running out of time...
We have to get out of here.
No way.
Go without me.
I'm not leaving, no...
Marucho...
I need to free Preyas and the others.
[gasp] [scream]
Mira!
Mira! Are you okay?
I think so.
You go on ahead...
Don't worry, we'll finish up here.
The System is breaking apart!
Skyress!
You can do it, Preyas.
Finish the transformation on your own!
[\u266a]
[withstanding pain]
Hey...Nice of you to drop in...
Pal!
Preyas, it's you!
Skyress!
Shun!
I knew you'd come.
This means one thing.
The final Dimension Controller must have been destroyed.
Right.
I didn't think I'd ever see you again...
Shun.
Yeah, me too.
Auto Self-Destruct System activated.
Count down to Detonation commencing.
Please evacuate immediately.
Can we do the reunion thing later?
Vespalace is collapsing.
We all have to leave right now.
I will carry those who can't fly.
[struggling effort]
We're not done yet.
I will show no mercy.
Dan!
I'm free!
Maxus Helios!
What's happening?
Drago...
This doesn't make any sense.
[mighty battle roar]
It can't be...
No way.
Bakugan System offline.
Battle terminated.
Battle terminated?
But if the battle is over, why aren't you in ball
form, Drago?
The final Controller must have been destroyed.
So what if the battle has been terminated?
None of that matters to me.
I want to fight.
What do you say, Drago?
Are you brave enough to finish this?
Since you have shown no honour in battle, why
would I fear you outside of one?
Come, we'll decide this once and for all!
[battle attack roar]
[\u266a]
Kick up the jets, Nemus.
We've got to get them out of there!
Every second counts.
Mira's depending on us, Percival!
We won't fail!
[\u266a]
Hang on tight, Baron!
Whoa! That's Vespalace?
Oh no, we're too late!
What's that?
[bird call]
Hey there!
[\u266a]
Not so fast!
Mira!
Hi Ace!
Looks like everybody made it out okay.
Tigrerra! Gorem! Hydranoid! Skyress! Preyas!
I think I'm going to cry!
[goofy crying]
I said, hang on!
[good natured giggling]
Hold it!
Where's Dan?
He's not here?
He must be still battling?
Commence Self-Destruct sequence.
Please evacuate immediately. Remain calm.
Oh no!
[effort impact]
[pain]
I know that you're Mira's brother, Spectra...
What?
You must have some good in you.
Let's end this.
Oh, I'll end this all right.
No more talking.
Ability Card Set.
Let's see what you're made of.
This is my only answer Dan Kuso!
[effort]
[\u266a]
Now draw... Fight like a warrior.
[gritted teeth anger]
Ability Card Set.
[\u266a]
Let's go!
[building battle roar]
[swinging effort]
[impact and effort]
Helios, I understand your hunger for power but you
have undermined everything the Bakugan stand for.
Please, give up before it is too late.
Of course you want me to give up.
So that you will be the Ultimate Bakugan!
[painful impact]
Is it not also part of the Bakugan Spirit to be the
best that I can be?
Who cares if I had to transform myself into a
machine to claim the power?
I am merely fulfilling my destiny.
And you won't stand in my way!
[painful impact]
Self-destruct sequence activated.
Please evacuate immediately.
Must find Master Spectra.
Brontes?! Elico?!
But, what are the two of you doing here?
Mylene and the others have deserted us.
She threw us out like the trash.
Threw you out?
[huge effort]
[\u266a]
Burning Dragon!
General Quasar!
[\u266a]
[painful groan]
Have you had enough Helios?
I've got plenty more.
Come on! Come on!
Spectra, if you're really Mira's brother there must
be some good in you.
Enough.
If Mira won't give up on you, I won't either...
Come on, join the Resistance.
I'd rather tear you apart!
You asked for it.
Your petty heroics make me sick!
[effort grunt]
A brother and sister shouldn't be fighting on
opposite sides.
What do you know about anything?
This!
[cocky laugh]
Guess she got the looks, huh?
Noooo!
[\u266a]
[explosion]
[gasp]
Oh no!
This brawl's a blast!
Right Drago?
I will never be defeated.
Bakugan Brawl!
Daaaaaannnn!!
[\u266a]
[soft, crying]
...Mira!
Look!
It's Drago!
Awesome!
Way to go, Drago!
[\u266a]
Dan!!!
Whoa!
[happy laugh]
[relieved chuckle]
[\u266a]
Well done, Gus.
[angry, desperate breathing] ...Noooo!
Warning.
Gravitational Core will detonate in 10 seconds.
[\u266a]
Nine.
Master Spectra, We must go.
Eight. Seven... Six... Five... Four...
Get moving!
Three... Two... One...
Zero...
[explosion]
I will always remember that you came back for me.
Master Spectra...
It pains me to inform you of this information...
but you must know Prince Hydron and the Vexos have
abandoned New Vestroia...
they intend to blame you for everything.
That was something Mylene came up with Gus?
That's right...
So now that Prince Hydron knows of our betrayal...
There's no way you and I can return Vestal again.
Who cares?
The truth is I never expected to return there anyway.
[effort to breath]
D-Drago.... The next time we meet, only one of us
will survive.
[\u266a]
[playful laughter] Aaahhh!
Sweet freedom!
Now this is more like it!
Sure is...
I can't believe we pulled it off.
This is what we fought for Mira.
Peace in New Vestroia.
Yes...
but the battle's not over yet.
We have to go back home to Vestal.
But if everyone knows the Bakugan are intelligent
now, can't the Vestals stay?
Yes. As long as we all respect each other and abide by
the rules, the Bakugan and the Vestals can live
together in peace.
Thank you, Drago.
But I don't think it's as easy as all that.
Prince Hydron and the Vexos may have gone back
but they won't be gone for long...
They'll want to take back New Vestroia.
That's why we're heading back to Vestal to spread
the word and stop the Vexos cold.
We'll bring them to justice for enslaving the
Bakugan and taking the planet.
But we can't do it without Wilda and the others.
Can they come with us, Drago?
Of course.
If that is what they wish.
I will go with you, Mira.
Anywhere!
And someone has to keep Baron out of trouble.
I'll go too, Drago.
It has been an honour.
The honour is mine.
[amused chuckle]
We never did settle the question of which of us is mightier.
Until we meet again, then.
I'll be waiting, Percival...
Check it out.
Alpha City must be heading home...
So we should get going too.
See you soon, Shun.
Catch you later.
Master Marucho, I'm gonna miss you.
Yeah, we're gonna miss you too.
Same to you, Dan...
I will never forget brawling at your side.
Me too, Mira...
Good luck.
Say hi to Runo.
[happy laughter]
[\u266a]
Looks like your ride's taking off.
Okay, time to go
Bye everyone.
Take care!
Master Dan!
Don't forget me!
Fly safe!
[happy laugh]
Does Vestal have e-mail?
[satisfied sigh] Well, that's that...
I guess it's time to make ourselves scarce too...
Hey Drago!
Can the Bakugan come back with us?
Of course they can!
Yah!
That means Marucho and I can party on planet Earth!
As if!
Marucho and I are best buds! [cocky laugh]
That's old news.
Marucho's outgrown you.
You're jealous cause I'm Marucho's official
Bakugan partner.
Look it up on Snickerpedia...
You're just a temporary substitute, Elfin. Got it?!
Huh?
That is so not true!
I'm Marucho's partner now...
so deal with it, fish breath, got it?
Why don't you deal with it, big ears!
I'm Marucho's partner now!
No, I'm Marucho's partner!
Hey! Come on you two...
Can't we all just get along?
You can both be my partner.
Runo was very worried about you.
You should go to her Tigrerra
I am eager to see Julie.
I will go and see Alice.
That's great.
It looks like the whole gang is going back to Earth...
Right, Shun?
You're not coming, Skyress?
Oh Shun...
I am part of your past.
Ingram is part of your future.
Skyress.
You've grown so much, and I can't leave my home again...
Ingram, take care of my Shun.
I will, Skyress.
You'll be fine without me, Shun.
I will always be watching over you in my heart...
But it's time to say goodbye and thank you!
Wait, Skyress!
Okay...
Almost all of us are going back then!
I guess you're right...
All right, Drago?
We're leaving...
Goodbye, buddy.
Give my regards to Runo and the others.
I don't understand.
Aren't you coming with us, Drago?
Drago can't come with us.
What do you mean?
There's gotta be a way!
A part of my body is the Perfect Core, which keeps
New Vestroia stable.
I'm afraid I can never leave New Vestroia again, Marucho...
That's not entirely correct, Drago.
Apollonir?
[\u266a]
The Six Ancient Warrior Bakugan!
Drago.
A Bakugan evolves through battle.
You have become even more strong than before.
Strong enough to separate yourself from the Perfect
Core at last.
Separate?
But how?
The Core would stay here and you would keep only a
spark with you to maintain your link.
You have become nearly as powerful as the Perfect
Core itself, Drago.
Powerful enough to do almost anything.
Then, I could go to Earth with Dan?
Yes, Drago.
It would make no sense to keep you in New Vestroia.
You have earned the right to live wherever you wish.
Awesome!
Drago! We're going home!
You bet partner!
You can travel between words whenever you want.
You now have the power to open the Dimensional Gate
yourself, Drago.
Really?
[amazed chuckle]
All right then, let's go home.
[\u266a]
That is seriously cool, Drago!
Let's ride!
[happy laughter]
[\u266a]
Catch you later!
[leaping growl]
[contented growl]
Wait for me!
[\u266a]
What was that?
It's been too long, Alice.
Hydranoid?!
They did it...
Dan and the others saved you and New Vestroia!
They did.
And they're back safe and sound.
They dropped me here so that I could see you again.
[overjoyed laugh]
Welcome home...
Hydranoid!
[\u266a]
No way...
Was that lightning?
Don't be silly.
It's not raining.
Julie.
It's really me.
I'm back!
Wow!
It's you Gorem!!!
Oh Gorem! Gorem! Gorem!
I have missed you so muuuuch!
[huge sobbing]
Aww, don't cry.
[\u266a]
Where is that Julie?
At least she's consistent.
She's never been on time...
[\u266a]
You're late.
Finally decided to show up?
Hey... How's it going?
Dan!
What about New Vestroia?
And the Bakugan!
It's all been handled!
Piece of cake...
Of course!
Amazing!
Whoa!
Tigrerra!!!
[happy giggling] You're really here!
[laugh]
I was so worried about you!
I'm happy to see you too, Runo.
What can I say?
Ladies love the Bakugan.
Okay.
Never speak of this again!
Shun! Marucho!
The Bakugan Battle Brawlers are back together!
Good to see you, Runo.
Hey! Runo, Gorem's back! Huh?
Okay, so everyone's back.
Well in that case...
Oh yeah!!!!!
Good to have the old team back together, Dan.
You got it. Friends forever...
Drago.
Bakugan Brawl!
[happy laughter]
[\u266a]
We saved New Vestroia but King Zenoheld, leader of
the Vestals, wants serious payback.
Luckily, our old friends have got our backs when
those goons launch their Bakugan Termination System!
But if the Six Ancient Bakugan Warriors aren't
powerful enough to stop King Zero-Head's attack,
what can we do?
It's a whole new battle, next time on Bakugan
Battle Brawlers: New Vestroia!
Bakugan Brawl!
Have you got what it takes?
[\u266a]